#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section*
K-means
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Consider the following data: 10 20 40 80 85 121 160 168 195 Use the k-means
 algorithm with k = 3 to cluster the data set.
 Use the Euclidean distance to measure the distance between the data points.
 Sup- pose that the points 160, 168, and 195 were selected as the initial
 cluster means.
 Work from these initial values to determine the final clustering for the
 data.
 Provide results from each iteration.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Step 1: group nearest: 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
First iteration: 160: 10 20 40 80 85 121 160; 168 and 195.
 The new centroid: 73.7, 168, 195
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
second iteration: 73.7 (10 20 40 80 85) (121 160 168), 195.
 The new centroid: 47, 149.6, 195 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
second iteration: 47 (10 20 40 80 85) 149.6 (121 160 168), 195.
 The new centroid: 47, 149.6, 195 (stop here)
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\end_body
\end_document
